OSDOCS#6056: cert-manager: Authenticating the cert-manager Operator with AWS [non-sts] (#59907)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-authentication-non-sts.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cert-manager-authentication-non-sts"]
= Authenticating the {cert-manager-operator} with AWS
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cert-manager-authentication-non-sts

toc::[]

> You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} with AWS. You can configure cloud credentials for the {cert-manager-operator} on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure cloud credentials for the {cert-manager-operator} on an AWS cluster. The cloud credentials will be generated by OpenShift Cloud Credential Operator running on the cluster.
```
